Quick fix to authorization.md (#16692)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/authorization.md

However, because organization roles and roles on any given SQL cluster are logically separate, a corresponding SQL role must be created for each SSO organization user, on each particular cluster.

> This correspondence lies in the SQL role name, which must be in the format `sso_{email_name}`. Replace '(email_name}' with the portion of the user's email address before `@`. For example, the SQL role name of a user with the email address `docs@cockroachlabs.com`  is `sso_docs`. If the email address is not associated with a member of the organization, `ccloud` prompts you to create or add them. Only an admin can create or add a member.

Author: ```suggestion
This correspondence lies in the SQL role name, which must be in the format `sso_{email_name}`. Replace '(email_name}' with the portion of the user's email address before `@`. For example, the SQL role name of a user with the email address `docs@cockroachlabs.com`  is `sso_docs`. If the roles are not set up correctly, `ccloud` prompts you to create or add them. Only an admin can manage users/roles, so you must contact your cluster administrator if you do not permissions to create SQL roles on the cluster.
```
